New tutorial "How to transfer files using scp command" (#754)
hetzneronline/community-content: tutorials/howto-transfer-files-using-scp/01.en.md

---
SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
path: "/tutorials/howto-transfer-files-using-scp"
slug: "howto-transfer-files-using-scp"
date: "2024-01-11"
title: "How to transfer files using the scp command"
short_description: "Use scp to transfer files easily between your computer and servers!"
tags: ["SCP", "SSH"]

> author: "CY Wei"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
author: "Your Name"
```

##### License: MIT

<!--

Contributor's Certificate of Origin

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I have
    the right to submit it under the license indicated in the file; or

(b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best of my
    knowledge, is covered under an appropriate license and I have the
    right under that license to submit that work with modifications,
    whether created in whole or in part by me, under the same license
    (unless I am permitted to submit under a different license), as
    indicated in the file; or

(c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other person
    who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified it.

(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution are
    public and that a record of the contribution (including all personal
    information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is maintained
    indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with this project
    or the license(s) involved.

> Signed-off-by: Thomas Boehringer <dev@tboehringer.de>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signed-off-by: [submitter's name and email address here]
```
